Data Scientist focused on data analysis for web based investment management application suite for Bank of New York Mellons Wealth Management division. This will be a critical role working on a next generation web based platform for BNY Mellons wealth clients. As a data scientist, you will be embedded with the engineering team as the primary subject matter expert realated to data analysis, natural language processing and machine learning for the platform. The role will give the chosen candidate the opportunity to take on a wide ranging opportunity at a fast growing organization within the firm where you will be able to take on many responsibilities in a highly visibile role.
Development of

Flutter developer
full-time

Company: PM Partners

Specialization

Android

Description

Our company PM Parnters is looking for a talented Flutter developer

You will have the opportunity to work on cool projects in the field of B2B business, develop, work in a friendly team.

Format of work: office Kiev, Kharkov, Odessa or remote.
Employment: full
Salary fork: we discuss individually, we are ready to pay with dignity

Important
Flutter experience - at least 2 years
Experience in mobile development at least 4 years (development for iOS will be a plus)
Git
Jira \ Confluence

English level

Intermediate

Do you want to receive similar vacancies? Subscribe to our daily Telegram newsletter!

Subscribe to Telegram
Date of publication:
2021-04-19 06:32:10

Location:
Ukraine

The salary:
1500-3500 $

Work:
Remote
Qualifications
Strong Statistical and Mathematical Background

Proficient in performing data analysis, using python based libraries such as Pandas and Numpy

Strong understanding of Machine Learning algorithms: Supervised Learning and Unsupervised Learning

Understanding of reinforcement learning

Understanding of TensorFlow

Good Understanding of Natural Language processing using Spacy and other python libraries

Understanding of web crawling using python libraries such as Scrapy

Good understanding of developing RestAPI using Flask and/or FastAPI

Desired – Experience in Tableau visualization



BNY Mellon is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer.
Minorities/Females/Individuals With Disabilities/Protected Veterans.
Our ambition is to build the best global team – one that is representative and inclusive of the diverse talent, clients and communities we work with and serve – and to empower our team to do their best work. We support wellbeing and a balanced life, and offer a range of family-friendly, inclusive employment policies and employee forums.